1. <nav>	
		This tag is used to group anchor tags.
		It is more specific and it groups all anchor tags under one head and it will be aeasy to do styling using it.
		</nav> is its closing format
2. <label>
		This tag is similar to paragraph tag but it is slightly different.
		THis tag is basically used to take input in forms.
		As soon as we click on text of label it points the pointer to the input linked to that label
		input boxes are linked by using "for" and "id" attributes of the tags.
3. <progress>
		This tag is used to show progress of a paticular thing. It fills up certain percentage of bar based on the value.
		id,value and max are its attributes where :
				id is used to link it with its label.
				value is used to give the value of how much it is to be filled.
				max gives the maximum value required it to fill
4. <input>
		This tag is used to have some input from user.
5. <form>
		It is user interface where user can add information.
		Information is validated in browser or server based on service we are using.

		It is used to get the systematic digital data.
		Attributes:
			action= used to specify where the formdata is to be sent to the server after submission of the form.
			method= it specifies how to send the data
				It can have two values "get" or "post".
				Get:-
					Appends form-data into the URL in name/value pairs
					The length of a URL is limited (about 3000 characters)
					Never use GET to send sensitive data! (will be visible in the URL)
					Useful for form submissions where a user wants to bookmark the result
					GET is better for non-secure data, like query strings in Google
					Get fetches the data from form and combines it with url of the page and then sends it, thus making it prone to be known
				Post:-
					Appends form-data inside the body of the HTTP request (data is not shown in URL)
					Has no size limitations
					Form submissions with POST cannot be bookmarked 
6.<input>
	types=text,number,alphanumeric,radio
		in radio button is you want only one radio to be selected out of n radio buttons then use the same name for all n radio buttons
